connected care: add features docs (#20303)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/connected-care-overview.md

> As customers of all sizes continue to scale use cases and operations on TiDB Cloud, TiDB Cloud is committed to re-imagining its support services to accommodate their evolving needs. To deliver even greater value and seamless experiences, TiDB Cloud is excited to announce the launch of the next-generation support services, **Connected Care**, on **Feb 17, 2025**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As customers of all sizes continue to scale use cases and operations on TiDB Cloud, TiDB Cloud is committed to re-imagining its support services to accommodate their evolving needs. To deliver even greater value and seamless experiences, TiDB Cloud is excited to announce the launch of the new support services, **Connected Care**, on **Feb 17, 2025**.
```

- Connected: Clinic service

    This feature offers an advanced monitoring and diagnostic service, Clinic, designed to help you quickly identify performance issues, optimize your database, and enhance overall performance with detailed analysis and actionable insights. For more information, see [Connected: Clinic Service](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md).

- Connected: AI chat in IM

    This feature enables you to chat with an AI assistant through an instant message (IM) tool to receive immediate answers to your questions. For more information, see [Connected: AI chat in IM](/tidb-cloud/connected-ai-chat-in-im.md).

- Connected: IM subscription for TiDB Cloud alerts

    This feature provides you with an easy way to subscribe to alert notifications via an IM tool, keeping you informed about critical updates. For more information, see [Subscribe via Slack](/tidb-cloud/monitor-alert-slack.md) and [Subscribe via Zoom](/tidb-cloud/monitor-alert-zoom.md).

- Connected: IM ticket creation and update subscription

>     This feature enables you to create a support ticket and subscribe to your support ticket updates through an IM tool. For more information, see [Slack ticket creation and update subscription](/tidb-cloud/connected-slack-ticket-creation.md) and [Lark ticket creation and update subscription](/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-creation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature enables you to create a support ticket and subscribe to your support ticket updates through an IM tool. For more information, see [Create Tickets and Subscribe to Ticket Updates via Slack](/tidb-cloud/connected-slack-ticket-creation.md) and [Create Tickets and Subscribe to Ticket Updates via Lark](/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-creation.md).
```

- Connected: IM interaction for support tickets

>     This feature enables you to quickly create and interact with support tickets through an IM tool for streamlined communication. For more information, see [Slack interaction for support tickets](/tidb-cloud/connected-slack-ticket-interaction.md) and [Lark interaction for support tickets](/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-interaction.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature enables you to quickly create and interact with support tickets through an IM tool for streamlined communication. For more information, see [Interact with Support Tickets via Slack](/tidb-cloud/connected-slack-ticket-interaction.md) and [Interact with Support Tickets via Lark](/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-interaction.md).
```
